[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	1
$50 Down the drain.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
A Disappointment.	0
"A must study for anyone interested in the ""worst sins"" of industrial design."	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	0
Absolutel junk.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	1
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	1
And the sound quality is great.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	1
Bad Choice.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
Bad Quality.	1
Bad Reception.	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
Battery has no life.	1
Battery is terrible.	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	1
"But now that it is ""out of warranty"" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it."	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
Buttons are too small.	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	1
Cumbersome design.	1
Customer service was terrible.	1
Defective crap.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Disapointing Results.	1
Disappointed!.	0
disappointed.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
disappointing.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	1
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
Do not make the same mistake as me.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	1
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	1
Does not fit.	1
Does not fit.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
Does Not Work.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
doesn't last long.	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	1
Doesn't Work.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
Don't buy it.	0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
don't waste your money and time.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
don't waste your money.	0
dont buy it.	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
Everything about this product is wrong.First	1
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Excellent starter wireless headset.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	1
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	1
Freezes frequently4.	1
Good case, Excellent value.	1
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
Great choice!	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Having trouble with volume.	0
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
Horrible phone.	1
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	1
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
How stupid is that?	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	1
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
"I also didn't like the ""on"" button, it felt like it would crack with use."	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	1
I am sorry I made this purchase.	1
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
"I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying ""what?"""	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
I could not recommend these more.	1
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
I don't like this Nokia either.	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
"I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice."	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	1
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I love this thing!	1
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	1
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	1
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
I want my money back.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	1
I was not happy with this item.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
I'm returning them.	0
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	0
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	1
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
"in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic."	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	1
It also had a new problem.	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	1
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	1
It didn't charge for me.	1
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	1
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
"It felt too light and ""tinny.""."	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
It has all the features I want	1
It has kept up very well.	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	1
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	1
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	1
It was horrible!.	1
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	1
It's AGGRAVATING!	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	1
It's not what it says it is.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
Its not user friendly.	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Just does not work.	1
Kind of flops around.	1
Last time buying from you.	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	1
Lousy product.	1
Love this product.	1
Low Quality.	1
Made very sturdy.	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	1
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	1
Never got it!!!!!	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
Nice headset priced right.	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
No real improvement.	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	1
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	1
Not enough volume.	0
Not good enough for the price.	1
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	1
Not impressed.	1
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	1
Not worth it.	1
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
Painful on the ear.	1
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Phone falls out easily.	1
Piece of Junk.	1
Piece of trash.	1
Please dont waste your money.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	1
Poor Construction.	0
Poor product.	0
poor quality and service.	1
Poor quality.	1
Poor Reliability.	0
Poor sound quality.	1
poor voice clarity.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	1
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
REALLY UGLY.	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Sending it back.	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
So Far So Good!.	1
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
So just beware.	0
Soyo technology sucks.	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	1
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	1
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
Terrible phone holder.	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
That company is a joke.	1
THAT one didn't work either.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	1
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	1
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	1
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	1
The item received was Counterfeit.	1
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	1
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	1
The mic is great.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	1
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	1
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	1
The phone loads super!	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	1
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	1
The plug did not work very well.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	1
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	1
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	1
They work about 2 weeks then break.	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
This case seems well made.	1
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
This is a great little item.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	1
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
This is infuriating.	1
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	1
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	1
This phone works great.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
Truly awful.	1
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	1
Used and dirty.	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	1
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
very disappointed.	0
Very disappointing.	0
Very Displeased.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	1
Very good quality though	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	1
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	1
Warning - Stay away.	1
Was not happy.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
Waste of money.	0
We are sending it back.	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
Were JERKS on the phone.	1
What a big waste of time.	0
what a disappointment	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	1
What a waste of time!	0
What a waste.	0
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Will order from them again!	1
wont work right or atleast for me.	1
Worked great!.	1
Works great!.	1
Worst Customer Service Ever.	1
Worst customer service.	1
Worst ever.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Would not reccommend.	1
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	1
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
You get what you pay for I guess.	1
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
