:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1!I definitly recommend!!	1.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1(It works!)	1)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	12 thumbs up to this seller	1A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1A pretty good product.	1A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0Absolutely great.	1AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1All in all I think it was a good investment.	1All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1And I just love the colors!	1Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1awesome device.	1Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1Battery charge-life is quite long.	1Battery is holding up well.	1Battery life is also great!	1Battery life is real good.	1Beautiful styling though.	1Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1best bluetooth on the market.	1Best headset ever!!!.	1Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1Better than expected.	1Better Than New.	1Better than you'd expect.	1Blue Ant is easy to use.	1Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1but it is great, i would really recommend it	1But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1Buy a different phone - but not this.	0Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1Clear crisp sound.	1Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1Comfort for our whole family.	1Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1Comfortable in my hand.	1Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1cool phone.	1Crisp and Clear.	1Definitely a bargain.	1Disappointed with battery.	0Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0Does everything it should and more.	1Doesn't hold charge.	0Dont waste your money...	0Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1Easy to use.	1Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1Exactly what I wanted.	1Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1Excellent hands free tool.	1Excellent Phone.	1Excellent product for the price.	1Excellent product for the price.	1Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1Excellent product.	1EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1Excellent sound quality.	1Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1Excellent wallet type phone case.	1Excellent!.	1Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1Fantastic earphones.	1fast service.	1Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1Five star Plus, plus.	1For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1For the price this was a great deal.	1Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1Gets the job done.	1Good , works fine.	1Good audio quality.	1Good case!.	1good item, low price.	1Good price.	1Good product - incredible value.	1Good product, good seller.	1Good Quality.	1Good show, Samsung.	1Good transmit audio.	1Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1Great audio!.	1Great bluetooth!.	1Great case and price!	1Great charger.	1Great Earpiece.	1Great for using with your home stereo.	1Great Hands Free Device.	1great headset, very impressed - H500.	1Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1Great phone!.	1Great phone!.	1Great Phone.	1Great phone.	1Great Phone.	1Great phone.	1Great price also!	1Great price, too!	1Great product and price.	1Great product for the price!.	1Great product, fast shipping!.	1Great Product.	1Great product.	1Great software for Motorolas.	1Great sound and service.	1Great Value.	1great...no problems at all!.	1Happy so far!.	1Has been working great.	1Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0I am also very happy with the price.	1I am glad I purchased it.	1I am more than happy with this product.	1I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1I am very happy	1I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1I especially love the long battery life.	1I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1I found this product to be waaay too big.	0I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1I great reception all the time.	1I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1I highly recommend this case.	1I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1I love all the features and form factor.	1I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1I love this bluetooth!	1I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1I love this device.	1I love this phone!.	1I only hear garbage for audio.	0I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1I received it quickly and it works great!!	1I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1I was not impressed by this product.	0I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1I would highly recommend this product.	1I would highly recommend this.	1I would recommend it.	1I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1I would recommend this.	1i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1I'm pleased.	1I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1"In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim ""Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?"	1Incredible!.	1Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1It does everything the description said it would.	1It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1It has been a winner for us.	1It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1It is a joy to use.	1It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1It is simple to use and I like it.	1It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	1It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0It is very comfortable on the ear.	1It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1It looks very nice.	1"It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not."	1It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1It was a great phone.	1It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1It worked very well.	1It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1It's a great item.	1It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1"It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation."	1It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1It's pretty easy.	1IT'S REALLY EASY.	1It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1Its a total package.	1Its the best headset I have used.	1Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1"jabra ear gels ""R"" the best!."	1Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1Just what I wanted.	1Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1Krussel Always good.	1Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1lightweight and works well.	1Linked to my phone without effort.	1Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1"Looks great and is strong."""	1Love it.. Great armband.	1Love this headset!	1Love This Phone.	1Magical Help.	1Mic Doesn't work.	0Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1much better than the hard plastic cases.	1Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1My headset works just peachy-keen.	1My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1My sister has one also and she loves it.	1Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0New Battery works great in phone.	1Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1Nice design and quality.	1Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1nice leather.	1Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1Nice solid keyboard.	1Nice Sound.	1No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1Not a good bargain.	0Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1One of my favorite purchases ever.	1Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1"Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape."	1Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0Perfect for the PS3.	1Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1Poor Talk Time Performance.	0Portable and it works.	1Price is good too.	1Product is exactly as described.	1Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1Protects the phone on all sides.	1Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1Razr Battery - Good buy.	1Really good product.	1Really pleased with this product so far.	1Restored my phone to like new performance.	1Reversible plug works great.	1Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1Setup went very smoothly.	1Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1So far it has worked like a charm.	1So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1Thank you for such great service.	1Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1"That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well."	1"The ""1.2"" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7."	1The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1The battery runs down quickly.	0The battery works great!	1The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1The best phone in market :).	1The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1The buttons for on and off are bad.	0The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1The commercials are the most misleading.	0The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1The construction of the headsets is poor.	0The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1The delivery was on time.	1The design is very good.4.	1"The design is very odd, as the ear ""clip"" is not very comfortable at all."	0The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1The noise shield is incrediable.	1The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1The reception has been generally good.	1The reception is excellent!	1The reception through this headset is excellent.	1The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1The shipping time was also very quick!	1The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1The sound quality is excellent as well.	1The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1These are fabulous!	1THey are so cool!	1They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1This battery is an excellent bargain!	1This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1This fixes all the problems.	1This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1This is a great deal.	1This is a great deal.	1This is a great phone!.	1This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1This one works and was priced right.	1This PDA rocks.	1This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1Those phones are working just fine now.	1Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0Timely shipment and quality product.	1very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1VERY comfortable.	1VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0Very easy to use.	1Very good phone.	1very good product, well made.	1Very good stuff for the price.	1Very happy with this product.	1Very pleased with this headset.	1Very prompt service.	1Very satisifed with that.	1Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1Very wind-resistant.	1Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1Voice recognition is tremendous!	1W810i is just SUPERB.	1We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1We would recommend these to others.	1WELL IM SATISFIED.	1What a waste of money and time!.	0Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0Worked perfectly!	1Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1Works as described.	1Works fine.	1Works for me.	1Works good.	1Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1Works great!.	1Works great.	1Works great.	1"Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone."	1Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1Works well.	1Worth every penny.	1worthless product.	0WORTHWHILE.	1Would recommend this item.	1Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1You can't beat the price on these.	1"You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."""	1You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0You won't regret it!	1You'll love how thin it is.	1