Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Nothing special.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	1
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	0
Omelets are to die for!	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	0
Once your food arrives it's meh.	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	0
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	0
Over rated.	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Overall, I like there food and the service.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	1
Penne vodka excellent!	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	0
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	1
Pretty awesome place.	0
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	0
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	1
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
say bye bye to your tip lady!	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
Service is also cute.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	0
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
"Service is quick and even ""to go"" orders are just like we like it!"	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Service stinks here!	1
Service sucks.	0
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
Service was fantastic.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
Service was very prompt.	0
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	0
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
So they performed.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
Soggy and not good.	1
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	0
Sooooo good!!	1
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	0
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
Terrible management.	0
Terrible service!	1
"That just SCREAMS ""LEGIT"" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas."	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	0
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
The ambiance was incredible.	0
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	0
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	0
The block was amazing.	0
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
"The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again."	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
"The burger... I got the ""Gold Standard"" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed."	0
The Burrittos Blah!	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	0
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	0
The cr__pe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	0
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
"The descriptions said ""yum yum sauce"" and another said ""eel sauce"", yet another said ""spicy mayo""...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	0
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	0
The food is good.	1
"the food is not tasty at all, not to say its ""real traditional Hunan style""."	1
the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	0
The food was terrible.	0
The food was terrible.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
The food was very good.	1
The food wasn't good.	0
The food, amazing.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	1
The fries were great too.	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	0
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	1
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
The management is rude.	0
The manager was the worst.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
The only downside is the service.	0
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it pur_ed.	0
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	0
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	0
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	1
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	1
The portion was huge!	1
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	1
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	0
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	1
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
The selection of food was not the best.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	1
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
"The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an ""Are you being helped?"""	0
The service here is fair at best.	1
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	1
The service was a bit lacking.	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The service was meh.	0
The service was not up to par, either.	0
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
The service was terrible though.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	0
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
The staff was very attentive.	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	1
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	0
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	1
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	1
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	0
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	0
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
They have great dinners.	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
They know how to make them here.	0
They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	0
They were excellent.	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	0
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	1
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
This is a disgrace.	0
This is a good joint.	1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	0
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	0
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	0
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	1
This place has it!	1
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	0
This place is amazing!	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
This place is disgusting!	1
this place is good.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	0
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
This place lacked style!!	1
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
This was like the final blow!	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	0
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
Thoroughly disappointed!	1
Those burgers were amazing.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	0
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
Total brunch fail.	1
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	1
Unfortunately, it was not good.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
Very bad Experience!	0
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
Very disappointing!!!	1
Very friendly staff.	0
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
Very good, though!	1
Very poor service.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Very, very sad.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Waitress was good though!	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
"We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste."	0
We are so glad we found this place.	1
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	1
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	0
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	1
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
We loved the place.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	1
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	0
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
We will not be coming back.	0
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
We won't be going back.	0
We won't be returning.	0
We'd definitely go back here again.	0
We'll never go again.	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	1
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
What a mistake that was!	1
What a mistake.	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
Which are small and not worth the price.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
Will be back again!	1
will definitely be back!	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
Will not be back!	1
Will not be back.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Won't go back.	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
Worst martini ever!	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	1
Worst Thai ever.	0
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	0
Would not go back.	0
Would not recommend to others.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	0
Wow... Loved this place.	0
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
You can't beat that.	0
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
You won't be disappointed.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
