- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	12 Thumbs Up!!	12 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	05 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0A good time!	1A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0A great touch.	1A great way to finish a great.	1A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0After one bite, I was hooked.	1After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0After two I felt disgusting.	0After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1All the bread is made in-house!	1Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1Ambience is perfect.	1Ample portions and good prices.	1An absolute must visit!	1An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1AN HOUR... seriously?	0And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1And it was way to expensive.	0And service was super friendly.	1And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0And then tragedy struck.	0Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0Appetite instantly gone.	0As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1"As for the ""mains,"" also uninspired."	0As for the service, I thought it was good.	1As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0Avoid at all cost!	0AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0Awesome selection of beer.	1Awesome service and food.	1Awful service.	0Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1Bacon is hella salty.	1Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0Best breakfast buffet!!!	1Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1Best tacos in town by far!!	1Best tater tots in the southwest.	1Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0Both great!	1Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0But I definitely would not eat here again.	0But I don't like it.	0But now I was completely grossed out.	0But the service was beyond bad.	0But then they came back cold.	0By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0Cant say enough good things about this place.	1Check it out.	1Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0Con: spotty service.	0CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0Crust is not good.	0Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1Damn good steak.	1Def coming back to bowl next time	1Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0definitely will come back here again.	1Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1DELICIOUS!!	1Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1did not like at all.	0Disappointing experience.	0Do not waste your money here!	0Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0Don't bother coming here.	0Don't do it!!!!	0Don't waste your time here.	0dont go here.	0Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1Eclectic selection.	1Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1Everyone is treated equally special.	1Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1Everything was fresh and delicious!	1Everything was good and tasty!	1Everything was gross.	0Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1Extremely Tasty!	1Fantastic food!	1Fantastic service here.	1Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1first time there and might just be the last.	0Food arrived quickly!	1Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0Food quality has been horrible.	0Food was average at best.	0Food was below average.	0Food was delicious!	1Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1Food was great and so was the serivce!	1Food was really boring.	0Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1Food was so gooodd.	1for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0For service, I give them no stars.	0For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0Generous portions and great taste.	1Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1Go To Place for Gyros.	1Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1Good food , good service .	1Good prices.	1Good Service-check!	1Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1Good value, great food, great service.	1Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1Great brunch spot.	1Great food and awesome service!	1Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1Great food.	1Great Pizza and Salads!	1Great place fo take out or eat in.	1Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1Great pork sandwich.	1Great service and food.	1Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1He deserves 5 stars.	1He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0He was terrible!	0Hell no will I go back	0High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1Highly recommended.	1Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0How awesome is that.	1How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0I *heart* this place.	1I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0I can't wait to go back.	1I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0I consider this theft.	0I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1I did not expect this to be so good!	1I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1"I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back ""ya'all""."	0I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1I give it 2 thumbs down	0I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0I had a pretty satifying experience.	1I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0I hope this place sticks around.	1I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0I just wanted to leave.	0I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1I love their fries and their beans.	1I love this place.	1I love this place.	1I LOVED it!	1I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1I never come again.	0I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0I probably won't be coming back here.	0I probably would not go here again.	0I promise they won't disappoint.	1I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1"I really enjoyed Crema Caf_© before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast."	1I really enjoyed eating here.	1I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0I think not again	0I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0I took back my money and got outta there.	0I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0I waited and waited.	0I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0I was mortified.	0I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1I was seated immediately.	1I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0I was so insulted.	0I was VERY disappointed!!	0I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1I will be back many times soon.	1I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1"I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;"	1I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0I will not be eating there again.	0I will not return.	0I won't be back.	0I won't be back.	0I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1I would not recommend this place.	0I would not recommend this place.	0I would recommend saving room for this!	1I wouldn't return.	0I'd love to go back.	1I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1I'll definitely be in soon again.	1I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0I'm not eating here!	0I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0"I'm so happy to be here!!!"""	1I'm super pissd.	0I've had better atmosphere.	0I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0I've never been treated so bad.	0If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0If you are reading this please don't go there.	0If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0If you're not familiar, check it out.	1Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0Interesting decor.	1It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1It is worth the drive.	1It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0it was a drive to get there.	0It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0It was absolutely amazing.	1It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0It was awesome.	1It was delicious!!!	1It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0It was equally awful.	0"It was extremely ""crumby"" and pretty tasteless."	0It was just not a fun experience.	1It was not good.	0It was packed!!	0It was pretty gross!	0It was probably dirt.	0It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0It was way over fried.	0It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1Just don't know why they were so slow.	0Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1Left very frustrated.	0Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1"like the other reviewer said ""you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."""	0Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1Love the margaritas, too!	1Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0Mediocre food.	0Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1Must have been an off night at this place.	0My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0My fianc_© and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0My order was not correct.	0My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0Nargile - I think you are great.	1Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0Never again will I be dining at this place!	0Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0Never going back.	0Never had anything to complain about here.	1Nice ambiance.	1Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1Nice, spicy and tender.	1Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0No complaints!	1No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1"not even a ""hello, we will be right with you."""	0Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0Not good for the money.	0Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0Not my thing.	0